this is the cello part to Cripple Creek
you'll notice we have two sharps in the
key signature which means we are in D
major and we are in 4/4 time which means
we have four beats to a measure and the
quarter note gets one beat now we have
to pay really close attention to that
types of pizza kado that we are using in
this piece since it goes by really
quickly
we have to know if we're using the right
hand pizza kado or if we're using
left-hand pizzicato right hand pizza
kado the normal pizza kado
is just marked as Piz z period but if
you see a note that has a plus sign on
top of it that means we use our left
hand for pizza kata and you'll also
notice that some of these parts are
divided which means we have two notes
that need to be played at the same time
if that is the case then the top note
will be played by the first stand and
the bottom note will be played by the
Bata
the second stand now I have my metronome
here set to 138 and you have two
measures rest in the beginning there you
go this is measure one measure two